* Organization id:

tpf

* Organization name:

The Perl Foundation

* Organization description:

The Perl Foundation is dedicated to the advancement of the Perl programming
language through open discussion, collaboration, design, and code.

The Perl Foundation coordinates the efforts of numerous grass-roots Perl-based
groups, including:

  * International Yet Another Perl Conferences
  * Carries the legal responsibility for Perl 5 and Perl 6
  * perl.org
  * Perl Mongers
  * PerlMonks

The Perl Foundation is dedicated to the advancement of the Perl programming
language through open discussion, collaboration, design, and code. The Perl
Foundation is a non-profit, 501(c)(3) organization based in Holland, Michigan.

* Organization home page url:

http://perlfoundation.org/

* Main organization license:

GNU General Public License version 2.0 (GPLv2)

* Backup Admin:

mdk

* Why has your org chosen to participate in Google Code-in?

Each year we participated in GSoC and GCI has been a great experience for both
the students and the developers and we plan to repeat this process.

The excitement that new faces bring to various Perl projects is invaluable.

* Please list the years your organization has participated in GSoC.

2005, 2006, 2008, 2009, 2010 and 2011.

* What is the main development mailing list for your organization? This question
   will be shown to students who would like to get more information about
   applying to your organization for Google Code-in 2010-11. If your
   organization uses more than one list, please make sure to include a
   description of the list so students know which to use.


The Perl Community is very diverse. Depending on which of the many, many
sub-projects you decide to work with, different channels of communication may be
appropriate.

Almost all of our participating projects have their mailing list mentioned in
their documentation. However, if you're unsure about how to get in contact with
the project you chose, we'd be happy to point you in the right direction. Just
drop tpf-gsoc-students@googlegroups.com a short mail or stop by on IRC in #gci
on irc.perl.org.

* What is the main IRC channel for your organization?

irc://irc.perl.org/#gci

* Please provide a link to your task ideas page. This is much like the ideas
   page for Google Summer of Code but must include at least 5 tasks in all of
   the 8 categories sorted by difficulty level.

http://wiki.enlightenedperl.org/gci2011/gci2011/ideas

* Please tell us about how your organization has prepared for Google Code-in,
   including what (and how many) mentors and organization administrators have
   agreed to help, what your schedule and response time will be during the
   holidays (and otherwise during the contest period) and how you plan to deal
   with unresponsive mentors.

We'll be having 3 org-admins this year.

As of now, about a dozen mentors have volunteered to help out without us even
going around and asking them for there help. Historically we tend to end up with
more than 30 mentors after going through all the project ideas and contacting
the various sub-communities to provide a few suitable mentors for the tasks we
have.

Given the diversity and size of the Perl community, we tend to always have
enough mentors to have at least two of them look over any given task. This has
worked out nicely in GSoC, and I'm sure it will as well for GCI. Whenever
possible, we also make sure the mentors for a tasks are located far enough from
each other, time zone wise, so that the student will have someone to talk to
being around for most of the day, no matter where he's located.

Given the above, we expect to have round-trip times in communication of no more
than half a day to a day. Prospective mentors have been made aware of and will
be made aware of that they're supposed to put in at least a little time, even
during the holidays. We won't be accepting mentors that don't feel comfortable
with that.
